<b> What impact do you want to have on the world and why? </b>

I’m studying for my masters in Data Science at Cal. During my time here, I created a crime prediction app, CrimeAware, with a few other students. We received funding to pursue our idea from UC Berkeley and mentorship from SkyDeck accelerator. This app provided locals with crime predictions, increasing their crime awareness and enabling them to take preventative action to protect themselves. What drove me to create and launch this app was a strong desire to utilize my skillset towards creating a product others would value. During product development, I enjoyed talking with potential end users about the product’s value and usability. I also enjoyed hearing about their concerns, as that pushed us to create a better product. Hearing the enthusiasm and suggestions that others had about our product confirmed my belief that this is what I want to do—create products that enrich others’ lives.

I cultivated this desire through my previous experiences as an analyst at a Fortune 500 firm and as a publicity officer at my collegiate boxing team. Hearing about how my analytical products helped co-workers with their tasks or how a boxing recruit implemented boxing principles into their everyday life made me tremendously satisfied. 

As a fellow, I’ll be able to continue to pursue my desire to enrich others lives through product.


<b> What is the latest product you’re absolutely obsessed with and why? </b>

One product I’m really excited about is [DeepFake Detector] (https://deepfakedetector.wpcomstaging.com/ "DeepFake Detector"), which will be launched in December. It’s a video player that educates the viewer on whether or not a video is artificially generated. I watch at least ten hours of video a week, and sometimes I am fooled by doctored DeepFake videos, which have been increasing in quantity lately. I find that my increasing distrust in video authenticity has degraded my video watching experience. But that is why I am so excited about the product. No longer will I have to conduct extensive literature reviews to confirm whether or not a video is real; DeepFake Detector will tell me when it notices visual patterns or speech typical of DeepFakes. And because I will learn how to spot these videos, I will have more trust in legit videos and be able to fully enjoy my video watching experience. With all the time I save on conducting extensive literature reviews, I will be able to watch and enjoy more videos!
